do you ever wonder where the Hollywood
will ever wake up with a conscience of
our teenagers and the drip drip effect
of films videos and TV which teach
violence glorify it and celebrate their
awards it brings America has the highest
crime rates in the developed world and
also produces the most violent
entertainment on the planet the most
popular stars are the mature heroes who
use violence successfully and therefore
demonstrate and validate its use week
after week we read stories of people
being shot who raped robbed and
otherwise attacked or threatened with
guns knives and a range of offensive
weapons including sex and sex crimes
fancy
no this is not a production of Hamlet so
in fact you see we are making an effort
to reach the widest possible audience
adult supervision is required we now
have a situation where society is
reflecting that twisted uncivilized
imaginations of the entire film industry
our office fit to civilized values is
real and we need as a society to wake up
who owns the film industry
a desire to watch others being cruelly
treated or savagely beaten to death is
sick what a nice chapter
welcome to darkest Polly this just get
weird
I realized artists are supposed to
suffer but I can't understand why they
insist on sharing their suffering for
that that's bad
do you believe the mainstream media's
story about Adam Lanza
do you have the feeling that we are
moving it too
sincerely and emphatically turn off your
TV